Empress
This is a pastry made by Youbei First Come for the chef
The emperor specially rewarded you first
Looking good, huh?
Yes, the emperor is so kind to you
There are no outsiders here
Sit down and accompany me to taste it, thank you
It's delicious.
Why would the empress want to vomit?
I don't know.
If you taste a little more oil heart recently, it will be like this.
I feel like vomiting
You shouldn't be happy, right?
You can go to Doctor Chen and come and have a look.
Remember not to tell anyone
The emperor drinks tea
The emperor's concubine has something to ask you
Said that An Guiren was pregnant before
I feel that the emperor is not very happy
Does the emperor not like children?
royal man
The imperial temple is the multitude
It is the foundation of the country
The person sitting in this position
It doesn't matter if you like it or not
Why do you have anything to tell me?
The emperor's concubine is pregnant
What? You're pregnant?
Daughter, do you like son or daughter?
Daughter why
I just want him to live a healthy life.
I don't want him to get involved in the royal struggle
Whether it's a son or a daughter
I will protect him